
API OAuth Dev Verification
08:44 (10 hours ago)
to mogabli270, me

Hello Google Developer,

Thank you for your patience while we reviewed your submission for project 596418050127(Project ID: smartofficeai-474419). We need you to address the following items for us to continue your app’s verification:

Your privacy policy indicates that it uses Google user data for reasons other than providing or improving your application’s functionality. Please see the attached screenshots for more information.
The scopes listed on your OAuth consent screen are different from the scopes requested in your Cloud Console submission.
Please take the following action(s) to continue with your request
⤷ Reply to this email with the following information:

Confirmation you have updated your privacy policy and data handling processes to address the prohibited use of user data (Learn more)
⤷ Update and resubmit your app in Cloud Console with the following:

An accurate listing of the scopes requested in your app verification submission (Learn more)
Important! Once you have addressed the issues above, reply directly to this email to confirm. You must reply to this email after fixing the highlighted issues to continue with the app verification process.

No longer need access to these scopes?

Please reply to this email to cancel the verification request.


Need to make changes to your verification request?

Please make direct changes on the Cloud Console. Save and submit the changes when finished.


How do I check my submission status?

Please visit the Verification Center in the Cloud Console to check the review progress for each verification requirement


What are the verification requirements?

As a reminder, before your application can be approved you must meet the below requirements:


All Scopes (Non-Sensitive, Sensitive, Restricted)

App Homepage
Domain Verification
App Identity & Branding
Cloud Abuse Project History

Restricted and Sensitive Only

App Privacy Policy
Demo Video
In-app Testing
Application Use Cases
Requesting Minimum Scopes
AI/ML Model Training Privacy Policy Disclosure for Workspace APIs

Data Portability APIs Scope

Data Portability Apps

Restricted Only

CASA Security Assessment

Need other help?

For more information on OAuth Verification, you can read the terms or policies for the APIs or products your app uses, as well as the following resources:


General Information

Verification Help Center
Verification Quick Reference Guides

Verification Overviews

Types of Verification
List of Restricted Scopes
Workspace API user data and developer policy

Troubleshooting

About the Unverified App Screen and Sign-in Disabled