Hello Google Developer,

Thank you for your patience while we reviewed your submission for project 596418050127(Project ID: smartofficeai-474419). We need you to address the following items for us to continue your app’s verification:

The video you submitted does not sufficiently demonstrate the functionality of your application.
Regarding the Error 400 redirect_uri_mismatch, please see this page for more information on how to fix it.

Please note that this verification channel is not equipped to provide support on your technical questions and implementation.

You can see all of your support options on the General Support page. You can also use the following resource to find community support:

Stack Overflow google-api tag
Please take the following action(s) to continue with your request
⤷ Reply to this email with the following information:

A link to a demo video that sufficiently demonstrates the functionality of your application (Learn more)
Important! Once you have addressed the issues above, reply directly to this email to confirm. You must reply to this email after fixing the highlighted issues to continue with the app verification process.

No longer need access to these scopes?

Please reply to this email to cancel the verification request.

Need to make changes to your verification request?

Please make direct changes on the Cloud Console. Save and submit the changes when finished.

How do I check my submission status?

Please visit the Verification Center in the Cloud Console to check the review progress for each verification requirement

What are the verification requirements?

As a reminder, before your application can be approved you must meet the below requirements:

All Scopes (Non-Sensitive, Sensitive, Restricted)

App Homepage
Domain Verification
App Identity & Branding
Cloud Abuse Project History
Restricted and Sensitive Only

App Privacy Policy
Demo Video
In-app Testing
Application Use Cases
Requesting Minimum Scopes
AI/ML Model Training Privacy Policy Disclosure for Workspace APIs
Data Portability APIs Scope

Data Portability Apps
Restricted Only

CASA Security Assessment
Need other help?

For more information on OAuth Verification, you can read the terms or policies for the APIs or products your app uses, as well as the following resources:

General Information

Verification Help Center
Verification Quick Reference Guides
Verification Overviews

Types of Verification
List of Restricted Scopes
Workspace API user data and developer policy
Troubleshooting

About the Unverified App Screen and Sign-in Disabled
Thank you,

The Third Party Data Safety Team